WIP - MTA-4637: Pattern matching docs need urgent improvements (#92)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/yaml-logical-conditions.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * docs/rules-development-guide/master.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="yaml-logical-conditions_{context}"]
= Logical conditions

> The analyzer provides two basic logical conditions, `and` and `or`, which enable you to aggregate results of other conditions and create more complex queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The analyzer provides two basic logical conditions, `and` and `or`, which you can use to aggregate results of other conditions and create more complex queries.
```
